2020 09 30 question (#10432)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accesspackagelocalizedtext.md

---
title: "accessPackageLocalizedText resource type"
description: "**TODO: Add Description**"

> author: "**TODO: Provide Github Name. See [topic-level metadata reference](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/metadata.html#topic-level-metadata)**"

Reviewer: I think this article needs some edits.

localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# accessPackageLocalizedText resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

A complex type which would be used to represent a string in a specific language.

## Properties

> |Property|Type|Description|Required|Read-only|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Property|Type|Description|
```

> |:---|:---|:---|:---|:---|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|:---|:---|:---|
```

> |languageCode|String|The ISO code for the intended language.|Yes|No|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|languageCode|String|The ISO code for the intended language. Required. |
```

> |text|String|The text in the specific language|Yes|No|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|text|String|The text in the specific language. Required. |
```
